####Work flow

Function Test Finder
	For Test finder I constructed a function that will search the text for dictionary 
	matches. I then implemented this function into the broader function, getSection Text
	 which looks in specific section of the XML documents and applies testfinder.
	 
Function getcorrecttext:
	step 1. Applies sectionNames to divide section text.
	
	step 2. Looks to see if any tests are in the section header. This is definitely the 
	most unfinished part of the code. 
	
	step 3. Certain patterns emerge in section names where tests commonly exists. This
	part of the code applies testfinder on the sections, methods, design, and the study.
	As our dictionary of section names grow this step will also grow. 
	
	Step 4. Last resort, this function applies the dictionary to the entire document. 
	There are many false positives.
	
	
	
Know Issues: 
			The following pdfs do not convert, most likely a scanning issue: 120.pdf  
Causey-1970-Congo virus from domestic livestoc.pdf',
Cornelissen-Kei-2012-Discovery of a novel Torq.pdf.pdf,
Forrester-2008-Western equine encephalitis sub.pdf,
'Lee-2004-Isolation of the etiologic agent of K.pdf'
Leroy et al 2005.pdf,
Maness-1981-Eastern Equine Encephalitis in the.pdf',
OIE Kuwait.pdf,
Price-1978-Serological evidence of infection o.pdf,
Quaglia-2014-West Nile and st. Louis encephali.pdf',
Sudia-1975-Epidemic Venezuelan equine encephal.pdf,
Towner-2009-Isolation of genetically diverse M.pdf,
Ubico-1995-Serologic survey of neotropical bat.pdf
Both Wong papers: PCDATA error 12,
Wood-1978-Crimean-congo hemorrhagic fever, Tho.pdf,




			When document is not a research paper, for example a letter, the function works
			poorly. 

Results so far:
				Match					Not Match
Andriamd paper:    							X
				Notes: Could not find their test name in the actual paper where mine
				matched PDF contents. 
				
Asnis paper: 								X
			Notes: Paper is a letter
			
Balling paper:	  X

Bosch paper:								X
			Notes: Letter
Bouhry Paper: 								X
			Notes: Only bouhry paper in notes is one that starts with the forrester pdf in
			the name. Not sure if we are looking at same pdf.
Breed Paper:	  X
			Notes: False Positives though
Buckley Paper:
				  X
			Notes: Results correct based off looking at PDF, but I have more returned than
			theirs.
			
Burgueno Paper:   X 					
			Notes: Messed up formatting, go back and edit function.
Chaudurani Paper:							X
			Notes: Getting NA's for document
			
Chevalier Paper:  X
			Notes: Failed to find specific section match, forced to look at entire document
				Go back to see if different names.
				
Cigarro Paper:    X
			Note: Also got igg by ifa
Coffey Paper:     X
			Note: Some False positives.

Corman Paper:	  X
			Note: Some False Positives.

Cui Paper: 		  X

Fomgaard Paper:								X
			Note: Captured some but not all of what they wrote.
			
Gao Paper:									X
		Note: Failed to do anything
		
Gulati Paper:	  X

Halpin Paper:     X
		Note: False positives compared to their results
		
Hara Paper:		  X
		Note: False Pos

Hasbe Paper:								X
		Note: Different answers completely
		
Hayes Paper: 								X
		Note: Partially correct but not a complete word match.
		
Heang Paper:								X
		Note: Lots of NAs

Hjelle Paper:								X
		Note: Lots of NAs
			
Holzmann Paper:   X
	
J-infect Paper:								X
		Note: NAs, Letter. 
		
Jones Paper       X
			Note: They didnt' put any tests, but matches by pdf.
			
	
Kang Paper:									X
			Note: Returned NA's
			
Khaibaillou Paper:X
			Note: False positives compared to their results

Kim Paper:		  X							

Kinnuen Paper:   							X
		 Notes: Got serology, but they put unknown and I returned RT-PCR and Complement 
		 Fixation
Klein Paper:	  X
		 Notes: Matched serology as false positive compared to their results.
Laurenson Paper:							X
		 Notes: Matched a diagram under methods that had NT as placeholder. The paper was not 
	structured with test names under methods. 
	
Leary Paper:								X INCONCLUSIVE
		 Notes: I'm getting matches in the methods section and I'm not sure if their file is correct
because the closest PDF I can find in their list of pdfs is : internal-pdf://2999137579/Wong et al 2007 supplement.pdf;internal-pdf://0148058638/Wong_et_al-2007-Reviews_in_Medical_Virology.pdf;internal-pdf://4202609206/Shi-2008-A review of studies on animal reservo.pdf;;internal-pdf://1347402211/Luis et al_2014_A comparison of bats and roden.pdf`
Which doesn't highlight Leary until the end.

Levis Paper:
				  X
		 Notes: False positives compared to Animal Science Results

Luby Paper:		  X

##Luis Paper's data comes from using a database of bats not actually doing tests?


McIntyre Paper:   X
			Notes: False Positives

Mehla Paper:      X
			Notes: False Positives

Metzgar Paper:	  X
			Notes: Had to look through paper to find test matches. They don't have a 
			record of pdf for Metzgar.

Mutebi Paper:								 X
			Notes: I think they missed PCR which my function got, but my function missed
			plaque reduction; which they got. 
			
Navarro Paper:    X

Nelson Paper:     X
			Notes: False Positives
Nemeth Paper							     X
			Notes: Na's due to getsectiontext, Only detect one section so only reads that
			part of paper. Need to put in exception if that happens to read the entire paper
			with convertpdf2xml. 
			
Nerrinet Paper:								 X
			Notes: Nas see above
			
Niedrig Paper:								 X
			Notes: Nas see above

Nipah Paper:							     X
			Notes: Only matched Elisa.
			
Nolen Paper:	  X
			Notes: False Positives

Okamato Paper:	  X
			Notes: False Positives
			
Playford Paper:   							 X

Pourrut Paper:    X
			Notes: False Positives
			
Reuskin Paper:   							 X
			Notes: Wrong neutralization test
			
Rollin Paper:     X

Rouquet Paper:    X
			Notes: Found tests in paper, couldn't find animal science tests for pdf.
			
Sames:										 X
			Notes: Na's
			
Shi paper:									 X
		Notes: dictionary was used on entire paper and couldn't find specific tests they used.
		
Svoboda paper:    X
		Notes: False Positives
		
Thoisy Paper:     X
VanDerPoel Paper: X

Wang Iso Paper: 							  X

Wang Jap Paper:								  X
		Notes: NAs
		
Weaver Paper:	 X			
		Notes: Animal Science didn't have test names, looking in paper found results.

Wekesa Paper:								  X
		Notes: didn't find a section to search through. 
		
Yashina Paper:								  X
		Notes: Didn't match a single test.

Yuan Paper:									  X
		Notes: Partial Match, couldn't find serology. 
